# Flagstack Deployer goes brrr (Firefox version)

## Introduction

The purpose of this Firefox extension is to add keyboard shortcuts to help you deploy green flags on the [Flagstack map page](https://www.flagstack.net/map). This makes the workflow a bit easier when you are deploying a lot of green flags on the map.

Note: You need a premium membership to deploy green flags via the website map.

## Installation

To build the Firefox web extension:

* Install web-ext if necessary: ``npm install -g web-ext``
* Get the git repository: ``git clone git@github.com:mortonfox/flagstack-deployer-goes-brrr-firefox.git``
* ``cd flagstack-deployer-goes-brrr-firefox``
* Pack the extension: ``web-ext build``

The packed extension will be a zip file under the ``web-ext-artifacts`` folder.

To submit the Firefox add-on:

* Log in at <https://addons.mozilla.org>
* Pull down the menu under your name in the top right corner.
* Click on "Submit a New Add-on".
* For "How to Distribute this Version", select "On your own". Then click on "Continue".
* Under "Upload Version", click on "Select a file..." and pick the zip file that was generated by web-ext under ``web-ext-artifacts``.
* After the extension has been validated, click on "Continue".
* For "Do you use any of the following in your extension?", answer "No" and click on "Continue".
* Wait for the add-on to be reviewed.

Mozilla will send you an email once the extension has been reviewed.

To install the extension:

* Go to <https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/developers/addons> and find the extension in the list.
* Click on the extension name.
* Click on "View All".
* Click on the version number.
* Click on the XPI file name to install it.

After installing the extension, you can customize the keyboard shortcuts like so:

* Go to <about:addons>
* Click on gear and then "Manage Extension Shortcuts".

The defaults are <kbd>Alt-G</kbd> to start a green flag deploy and <kbd>Alt-R</kbd> to save the flag.

## Usage

On the Flagstack map page, hit <kbd>Alt-G</kbd> and then <kbd>Enter</kbd> to initiate the flag deploy.

Move the flag into position.

Finally, hit <kbd>Alt-R</kbd> to "click" on the save button to complete the flag deploy.
